Loading BigQuery from quickstart (#44)
snowplow/quickstart-examples: README.md

## Supported Platforms

| Tool       | Cloud | Components              | Status                                      | Deployment Summary                        |
|------------|-------|-------------------------|---------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|
| Terraform  | AWS   | Iglu Server             | [Published](terraform/aws/iglu_server)      |                                           |
| Terraform  | AWS   | Pipeline (PostgreSQL)   | [Published](terraform/aws/pipeline)         | [AWS PostgreSQL Summary][deploypgsum-aws] |
| Terraform  | AWS   | Pipeline (Snowflake)    | [Published](terraform/aws/snowflake)        | [AWS Snowflake Summary][deploysfsum-aws]  |
| Terraform  | GCP   | Iglu Server             | [Published](terraform/gcp/iglu_server)      |                                           |

> | Terraform  | GCP   | Pipeline (PostgreSQL)   | [Published](terraform/gcp/pipeline)         | [GCP PostgreSQL Summary][deploypgsum-gcp] |
> | Terraform  | GCP   | Pipeline (BigQuery)     | [Published](terraform/gcp/pipeline)         | [GCP BigQuery Summary][deploybqsum-gcp]   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Terraform  | GCP   | Pipeline (PostgreSQL)   | [Published](terraform/gcp/pipeline)         | [GCP PostgreSQL Summary][deploysum-gcp] |
| Terraform  | GCP   | Pipeline (BigQuery)     | [Published](terraform/gcp/pipeline)         | [GCP BigQuery Summary][deploysum-gcp]   |
```

[deploypgsum-aws]: https://docs.snowplow.io/docs/open-source-quick-start/quick-start-installation-guide-on-aws/summary-of-what-you-have-deployed/aws-and-postgres/
[deploysfsum-aws]: https://docs.snowplow.io/docs/open-source-quick-start/quick-start-installation-guide-on-aws/summary-of-what-you-have-deployed/aws-and-snowflake/

> [deploypgsum-gcp]: https://docs.snowplow.io/docs/open-source-quick-start/quick-start-installation-guide-on-gcp/summary-of-what-you-have-deployed/gcp-and-postgres/
> [deploybqsum-gcp]: https://docs.snowplow.io/docs/open-source-quick-start/quick-start-installation-guide-on-gcp/summary-of-what-you-have-deployed/gcp-and-bigquery/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[deploysum-gcp]: https://docs.snowplow.io/docs/open-source-quick-start/quick-start-installation-guide-on-gcp/summary-of-what-you-have-deployed/
```
